all right so in front of me are two
gaming laptops that I think are gonna be
very popular in 2020 these are the
Zephyrus g14 from Asus 14 standing for
14 inches and the reason why I think
they're going to be super popular is
because they did so much right on these
devices so these are both the same
laptops gaming laptops except they just
come in two color variants it's like a
Space Gray if looking thing and there's
a white looking one like white and
silver now if you look at the top panel
I'm not sure if the overhead camera is
picking it up but there are these black
dots that you can see that cover half of
this device and these are little tiny
micro LEDs that light up and you can
control them in software to display a
picture or an animated gif we'll get
into in a little bit but it's one of the
more interesting design elements to this
device but on the inside it is running
AM DS new Rison 4000 renoir AP use these
are very anticipated chips that provide
a lot of power efficiency and just good
performance into these laptops and I
haven't been able to benchmark them
these are engineering samples I was told
specifically not even to connect them to
the internet but looking at what AMD's
Renoir has to offer I'm very hopeful and
it's also running NVIDIA GPUs so the
base model has a GTX 1060 T I believe
and you can upgrade it up to an RT X
2016 max Q so very powerful and capable
gaming components in an extremely
lightweight portable gaming device this
is magnesium alloy chassis it's only one
point six kilograms but even this
engineering sample feels incredibly well
built for a device that is this light
now when you open it the hinge does this
you know we've seen on other laptops
before where it lifts the bottom of the
device a little bit to get some improved
airflow and I've been told that there's
two fans in the forex news device that
are the same size and same kind of
thermal configuration as the bigger
15-inch device so I feel reasonably
confident that this device will have at
least acceptable thermals considering
how small this package is the keyboard
has a very user-friendly layout I feel
like most people can just pick up this
keeper
used to it it actually feels very
similar to a lot of the other Asus
devices if you've never used an Asus at
least a modern Asus laptop keyboard they
often feel like the chiclet style
keywords from like the older Mac Pros is
a very enjoyable keyboard to use
trackpads a little small but I think
this device is I mean it's all about
this compact portable gaming device like
they nailed the inputs in my opinion for
something this small now if you look up
at the top of the screen there is no
webcam I know that some people like that
for privacy concerns but it is just a
sacrifice they had to make to make this
all fit I do think that they include an
external webcam in the retail package
when you purchase this device I know
that some other Asus laptops have done
that like they don't include a webcam on
the laptop and they give you this
external unit but my kind of engineering
sample did not come with them but the
screen here's another really cool thing
most 14 inch or 13 inch gaming laptops
gaming laptops don't have high refresh
screens they're usually stuck at 60
Hertz this has a 120 Hertz 1080p option
and a 60 Hertz 1440p option that's
exactly what so many people are looking
for obviously this isn't finalized
hardware on this unit but I do think
that that screen is something a lot of
people will be interested in so other
things I noticed it has a USB C port and
it does support charging through that
USB C port I plugged up a MacBook Pro
charge to this and I was able to fill it
up so for people that are traveling and
they just want to bring one charger for
their phone and their tablet and their
laptop it's just one charger which is
sick again I can't get inside here or I
could but they told me not to I want to
see the insides like I want to see how
they've done the thermal layout but
we'll have to wait until the actual
reviewing it for a proper look at that
other things I noticed I mean the design
is so nice like it's such a simple and
kind of understated laptop it doesn't
scream gamer but it's got some kick to
it so I'm really drawn to this
personally and I could actually see
myself switching over to this as my
regular laptop just because of how it
looks like I actually like the look of
this more than the razor blade now
this let's get back to this matrix of
dots that you have on the top panel you
can customize this to your heart's
content it's only white LEDs I don't
believe there's like an RGB option but
it just looks so cool and it's fun to
play around with and I don't feel like
this is super gimmicky like you know how
on some gaming laptops I have like all
the crazy lights and stuff you can play
around with them and to give a
particular design aesthetic but it's not
personal
you don't mean like you can have a
favorite color but it's just color here
you can actually put like a logo a name
a brand whatever you want onto the
laptop and it just has this pop to it
that is so unique to this device now I
do have like a mild concern with these
dots it's that if you work or use your
laptop in a kind of dirtier environment
I feel like dust and dirt and just grime
can get into these holes and I have no
idea how easy would be to remove it now
it could just be like the engineering
sample I have doesn't have anything
covering these holes like maybe the
retail units will have some kind of
plastic over each dots but that is a
concern like if I took mud and just
smeared it on this thing I don't think
I'm getting that mud out of those holes
but seriously such a cool-looking device
such a good package of overall
components and there's also a 90 watt
hour battery in a 1.6 kilogram device
like that is that's the icing on the
cake it's rare to see small devices like
this with a big battery like I feel like
as long as that AMD APU performs well
and is as energy efficient as they claim
I think this could be easily like in
seven eight hour battery life of like
real-world use I think they claimed 10
but real-world like proper usage I could
see this thing hitting seven or eight
hours so like come on how cool is that
now I believe these starts at thirteen
or fourteen hundred dollars so not super
cheap but certainly not crazy expensive
and I think for what you're getting and
how unique this device is I think that's
a that's a very fair price and that's
why I think it's gonna be super popular
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]